LAST TIME ON
"YU-GI-OH GX..."
THE THREE OF US'LL
INFILTRATE THE FORTRESS
AND FIND
THE SUPREME KING.
HOPEFULLY, IF I DUEL HIM
AND DEFEAT HIM,
THE DARKNESS CONTROLLING
JADEN WILL BE DESTROYED.
Zane: EVER SINCE
I CAME HERE,
I'VE BEEN ITCHING TO CRACK
MY KNUCKLES AGAINST
A STRONG DUELIST.
AND THIS FIEND IS
THE PERFECT CANDIDATE.
I'LL MAKE YOU REGRET
THE DAY YOU DARED
TO CHALLENGE ME TO A DUEL!
HEY! STOP RIGHT THERE!
WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE DOING?
DUELING!
GO, DESTINY
HERO-DOUBLE DUDE!
GO ON, AXEL,
I GOT THESE TWO.
SUPREME KING.
IT'S YOU?
YOU'RE GOING TO PAY
FOR YOUR INSOLENCE!
Both: GAME ON!
GO, CENTRIFUGAL
CYCLONE SLASH!
AAHH! UNH...
DON'T BE MAD.
YOU BROUGHT
THIS DESTRUCTION
UPON YOURSELF.
RETURNING HERE
HAS SEALED YOUR FATE!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE, NEVER
LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN, HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU'D BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE
THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH! YU-GI-OH GX! ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Chaos Sorcerer:
COME FORTH, PERFECTLY
ULTIMATE GREAT MOTH!
WHAT'S THAT WANNABE
BUTTERFLY GONNA DO?
EAT SOME HOLES IN
MY CLOTHES?
MORE LIKE
YOUR LIFE POINTS!
[ROARING]
ALL RIGHT!
LET'S DO THIS!
I PLAY DESTINY
HERO PLASMA!
[CHUCKLING]
IS THAT ALL?
YOU'LL HAVE TO DUEL BETTER
THAN THAT TO DEFEAT US.
BROTHER...
I SUMMON
THE RITUAL SPELL CARD,
END OF THE WORLD.
Both: AND TOGETHER
WE SACRIFICE OURSELVES
TO UNLEASH DEMISE,
KING OF ARMAGEDDON.
NOW THAT'S WHAT I CALL
A MEETING OF THE MINDS.
AND THIS IS WHAT
WE CALL THE END!
JADEN! I KNOW
THERE'S STILL GOOD
INSIDE YOU.
JUST LISTEN.
I CAN HELP YOU
COME BACK.
SILENCE, ONLY THE DARKNESS
EXISTS INSIDE THIS BODY.
YOU'RE LYING--
I SAW THE GOOD IN YOU
WISHING HE COULD
MAKE THINGS RIGHT,
AND I'M GONNA HELP!
YOU CAN DO
ALL YOU WANT,
BUT YOU WILL FAIL
IN THE END.
MANY HAVE TRIED,
AND YET NONE HAVE
SUCCEEDED.
THERE IS NO POWER THAT
CAN DEFEAT THE DARKNESS.
YES, THERE IS,
AND I'LL SHOW YOU
WITH THE HELP OF
THE ORICHALCUM.
THAT EYE WON'T
SHOW ME A THING.
YOU'RE WRONG,
AND I AIM TO
PROVE IT TO YOU.
YOUR FRIEND JIM AIMED
TO PROVE IT, TOO,
AND I DISPATCHED HIM
AS I WILL YOU.
WELL, THAT WAS THEN.
AND THIS IS NOW.
I PLAY
VOLCANIC SLICER
IN DEFENSE MODE.
[GROWLS]
WHEN THIS MONSTER'S
IN PLAY,
IT CAN SLICE OFF
500 LIFE POINTS
ONCE PER ROUND.
NEXT I PLAY
A FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
A LOT OF GOOD THAT DID.
NOW I'LL SHOW YOU
WHAT REAL POWER FEELS LIKE.
GO, WILD CYCLONE!
AND NOW
I PLAY A FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
WELL THEN, I DRAW.
FIRST I'M GONNA ACTIVATE
MY BLAZE ACCELERATOR
AND THEN SEND IT
TO MY GRAVEYARD.
DOING THIS
ALLOWS ME TO SUMMON
MY TRI-BLAZE ACCELERATOR
DIRECTLY TO MY FIELD.
BUT THE FUN DOESN'T
STOP THERE.
BY SENDING
ONE PYRO TYPE MONSTER
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN INFLICT
500 POINTS OF DAMAGE
AND DESTROY ANY MONSTER
ON YOUR FIELD.
SO I DISCARD
MY VOLCANIC HAMMERER
TO DESTROY
YOUR WILD CYCLONE.
AND NEXT I'M ACTIVATING
THE SPELL CARD KNOWN AS
FIRE RECOVERY.
NOW I CAN CHECK MY HAND
AND LOOK FOR A FIRE
ATTRIBUTE MONSTER.
THEN, IF I SEND IT
DIRECTLY TO
MY GRAVEYARD,
I CAN BRING BACK
VOLCANIC HAMMERER.
AND CHECK THIS OUT.
MY HAMMERER COUNTS UP
EVERY VOLCANIC MONSTER
IN MY GRAVEYARD,
AND EACH ONE BURNS UP
200 OF YOUR LIFE POINTS.
UNFORTUNATELY,
YOU CAN'T ATTACK,
SO IT LOOKS LIKE
THE HEAT'S OFF
FOR THE TIME BEING.
SO IT'S YOUR MOVE.
INDEED IT IS.
AND I SUMMON...
THE SPELL
DARK CALLING!
WHEN THIS IS ACTIVATED,
I CAN REMOVE DARK FUSION
IN MY GRAVEYARD
FOR PLAY AND THEN
USE ITS ABILITY TO SUMMON
A FUSION MONSTER.
NEXT I'LL FUSE
ELEMENTAL HEROES
CLAYMAN AND BURSTINATRIX
TOGETHER
IN ORDER TO CALL FORTH
EVIL HERO
INFERNAL SNIPER.
AND THERE'S MORE.
WHEN IT'S IN
DEFENSE MODE,
IT DEALS 1,000
POINTS OF DAMAGE
AND CANNOT BE
DESTROYED BY
ANY SPELLS YOU MIGHT
FIRE MY WAY.
BUT THEN... MY TRI-BLAZE
ACCELERATOR'S EFFECT
WON'T EVEN WORK.
PRECISELY!
READY?
AIM...
FIRE!
SO TELL ME.
THIS EYE OF ORICHALCUM
YOU SPOKE OF,
HAS IT SHOWN YOU
A WAY TO WIN?
JUST YOU WAIT,
YOU'LL FIND OUT.
IT WILL PIERCE
THE DARKNESS
AND FREE THE GOOD THAT
LIVES BEHIND THOSE EYES.
YOUR HOPE IS
A WASTED ONE.
YOUR FRIEND JADEN IS
A THING OF THE PAST.
THE BOY YOU KNEW
IS NOTHING BUT
A DISTANT MEMORY.
EXACTLY LIKE YOU WILL BE
ONCE THIS DUEL IS OVER.
I BET YOUR
EYE OF ORICHALCUM
NEVER SAW THAT COMING.
AAH!
SHOW ME THE TRUTH.
[THINKING]
I KNEW IT!
IT'S NOT TOO LATE.
THE EYE REVEALED
THAT THE GOOD
INSIDE THE SUPREME KING
STILL EXISTS!
IT'S THERE WAITING.
NOW I JUST HAVE
TO SET IT FREE,
AND THE ONLY WAY
TO DO THAT IS
TO WIN THIS DUEL!
I HAVE TO FINISH
WHAT JIM STARTED.
LISTEN UP!
BREAK FREE!
JADEN!
ALL RIGHT, JIM.
TIME TO PICK UP
WHERE YOU LEFT OFF.
LET'S WIN THIS MATCH
AND DEFEAT JADEN'S
DARK HALF!
IT'S MY TURN!
I'LL SEND MY TRI-BLAZE
TO THE GRAVE
TO SUMMON
VOLCANIC DOOMFIRE!
AND NOW
I'M TURNING UP THE HEAT.
DESTROY HIS SNIPER
WITH VOLCANIC CANNON!
NOW TO HAMMER IT HOME,
GO, VOLCANIC
HAMMERER!
AAH!
[THINKING]
THAT WAS FOR YOU, JIM.
HEH HEH HEH.
AXEL? AXEL?
I WONDER WHERE
HE COULD BE.
I DON'T THINK
HE'S HERE.
MAYBE HE RAN AWAY.
[VOICES]
OJAMA!
[DEEPER VOICE]
WHY, HELLO THERE.
IT SEEMS OUR PATHS
KEEP CROSSING.
[HIGHER-PITCHED]
IT'S LIKE A DREAM
COME TRUE.
OJAMA?
WE HAVE A SERIOUS
QUESTION FOR YOU.
ASK AWAY! I JUST HOPE
I HAVE THE RIGHT ANSWER.
DO YOU KNOW A BOY
NAMED JESSE?
[ALL]
HAVE YOU SEEN HIM
ANYWHERE?
COME TO THINK OF IT,
I HAVE!
ARE YOU CERTAIN?
YOU CAN BET YOUR PRETTY
LITTLE WINGS I AM!
IT JUST SLIPPED MY MIND.
UNTIL THIS VERY MOMENT.
THEN...
HE MUST...
BE HERE!
SORRY TO
BREAK THIS UP--
[ALL] OH!
BUT HAVE YOU
SEEN AXEL?
I NEED TO FIND HIM.
HE'S DUELING.
HE'S DUELING?
WHO'S HE DUELING?
THE KING.
WHA-- HOLD ON!
ARE YOU SAYING HE WENT
TO THE KING'S TOWER?
[ALL]
YES.
I HAVE TO SEE THIS
WITH MY OWN EYES.
I SUMMON KITEROID!
WAIT FOR ME!
WHEN YOU HAPPEN UPON
YOUR FRIEND AXEL...
PROMISE TO TELL HIM...
THAT JESSE'S...
[ALL]
ALIVE!
AAH! I PROMISE!
HOW DOES IT FEEL
TO BE SO CLOSE?
VICTORY IS
ALMOST YOURS,
BUT ONE THING
STANDS IN YOUR WAY,
AND THAT THING IS ME.
NOW I SUMMON EVIL HERO
INFERNAL PRODIGY.
WITH NO MONSTERS
ON MY FIELD,
I CAN SUMMON HIM
FROM MY HAND
AND PLACE HIM DIRECTLY
ONTO THE PLAYING FIELD.
AND NEXT,
I'LL SACRIFICE MY PRODIGY.
TO BRING OUT
EVIL HERO...
MALICIOUS EDGE!
SINCE YOU HAVE
A MONSTER ON YOUR FIELD,
I ONLY NEED ONE SACRIFICE
TO CALL OUT THIS HERO.
AND WHEN
MALICIOUS EDGE
ATTACKS YOU,
SHOULD YOU HAVE
A MONSTER IN
DEFENSE MODE,
IF THE DEFENSE POINTS ARE
LESS THAN ITS ATTACK POINTS,
THE DIFFERENCE IS
DEALT TO YOU AS DAMAGE.
IT SURE SOUNDS
GOOD ON PAPER.
HOWEVER, DOOMFIRE STILL
HAS MORE ATTACK POINTS
THAN YOUR EVIL EDGE!
FOR THE TIME BEING,
IT DOES.
SINCE MY PLASMA WAS SENT
DIRECTLY TO MY GRAVEYARD,
I GET TO DRAW
ONE CARD.
ONE CARD THAT WILL
LEAD TO YOUR END.
I PLAY VICIOUS CLAW,
AND EVIL HERO GETS
A 300 POINT ADVANTAGE.
IN ADDITION, IF YOU DESTROY
MALICIOUS EDGE IN BATTLE,
VICIOUS CLAW GOES
BACK TO MY HAND,
AND MY EDGE IS SAVED.
EVIL HERO, ATTACK
VOLCANIC HAMMERER!
GOTCHA!
YOU SEE, MY DOOMFIRE HAS
ITS OWN HIDDEN ABILITY.
WHEN YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACKING,
IT HAS NO CHOICE
BUT TO GO DIRECTLY
AFTER MY VOLCANIC
DOOMFIRE.
NO WAY!
AAH!
I CAN DO THIS.
NOT AFTER MY
VICIOUS CLAW ACTIVATES.
NOT ONLY DOES
MALICIOUS EDGE
SURVIVE,
BUT HAMMERER IS
DESTROYED,
SENDING 600 POINTS
OF DAMAGE RIGHT TO YOU.
AAH!
[THINKING]
IF I DON'T STEP UP,
HE'LL NEVER STEP DOWN.
SYRUS, ARE YOU SURE
THIS IS A GOOD IDEA?
QUIET!
AAH!
HA HA HA!
YOU'LL NEVER
BEAT ME!
I'VE HEARD THAT BEFORE.
BUT YOU KNOW SOMETHING?
I ALWAYS FIND A WAY
TO PULL OUT A VICTORY.
NOT THIS TIME,
THOUGH.
WELL, I'VE GOT
FOUR CARDS IN MY HAND
THAT SAY OTHERWISE,
SO WHAT DO YOU SAY WE SEE
WHO'S RIGHT OR WRONG?
NOW COME FORTH,
MY MIGHTY CYBER
END DRAGON!
MY MOTH CAN'T FLUTTER
THROUGH THAT!
THEN I GUESS I WAS RIGHT,
AND YOU WERE WRONG!
GO,
SUPER STRIDENT BLAZE!
AAH!
Syrus: ZANE!
NICE GET-UP.
LET'S GO.
THERE'S NO TIME TO WASTE.
SUFFER THE WRATH
OF THE KING OF ARMAGEDDON!
WE SACRIFICE
2,000 LIFE POINTS
IN ORDER TO DESTROY
ALL OF YOUR MONSTERS.
GO, LAMENT OF DEMISE!
WHAT?
I'M SORRY.
LAST ROUND,
I ACTIVATED
THE SPELL CARD,
D FORCE.
AND ITS EFFECT NEGATES
YOUR SPECIAL ABILITY.
SO WHAT? WITH MORE ATTACK
POINTS, WE'RE STRONGER.
[ROARS]
I DON'T THINK SO,
'CAUSE I ACTIVATE
MY PLASMA COUNTER TRAP!
NOW BECAUSE MY D-FORCE
SPELL CARD WAS IN PLAY,
I CAN CUT YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS IN HALF
AND ADD 1,500
MORE TO MINE!
HUH?
[ROARING]
SO WHAT TOOK YA?
[THINKING]
I JUST KNOW THAT,
WITH EVERY LIFE POINT
THE KING LOSES,
THE CLOSER I AM TO
BRINGING JADEN BACK.
AXEL, YOU WILL NEVER
DEFEAT THE DARKNESS.
IT'S TOO POWERFUL
A FORCE.
[THINKING]
DON'T LISTEN TO HIM, AXEL!
YOU CAN BREAK THROUGH
THE DARKNESS,
AND YOU WILL!
JUST STAY FOCUSED,
AND THE EYE WILL
SHOW YOU THE WAY!
I AM NOT LIKING THIS!
JADEN!
WE HAVE TO HELP!
STAY BACK!
THIS BATTLE IS
BETWEEN ME AND HIM!
Supreme King:
AND VICIOUS CLAW'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
BY DESTROYING IT,
AN EVIL TOKEN IS
SUMMONED ONTO
YOUR FIELD.
YOU SURE YOU WANT
TO DO THAT?
ABSOLUTELY!
BECAUSE NEXT UP,
I PLAY THE TRAP CARD,
EVIL BLAST, WHICH ADDS
500 POINTS TO THAT TOKEN.
BUT DURING EACH
OF YOUR STANDBY PHASES,
MY TRAP CARD FORCES YOU
TO LOSE 500 OF YOUR
PRECIOUS LIFE POINTS.
BUT THEN...
Zane: WITH AXEL
ONLY HAVING
500 LIFE POINTS
LEFT TO HIS NAME...
THE NEXT STANDBY PHASE
WILL BE THE END FOR HIM,
UNLESS HE'S ABLE TO
COME UP WITH A WAY OUT.
[SIGHS]
AND NOW I PLAY
A FACEDOWN.
THIS IS IT.
ONLY ONE OF US
WILL SURVIVE
THIS NEXT ROUND!
THIS DUEL IS
ABOUT TO END.
AXEL'S GONNA LOSE!
WAIT A SEC!
THE FAIRIES!
I NEVER TOLD AXEL
WHAT I TOLD THEM!
YOU GOTTA LISTEN TO ME!
AXEL! JESSE WAS
SEEN ALIVE!
YOU'RE CERTAIN?
MM-HMM!
I SAW HIM WITH
MY VERY OWN EYES!
HAH! JADEN!
JESSE IS ALIVE!
OH...
[ECHOING]
JESSE IS ALIVE!
JADEN!
DIDN'T YOU HEAR ME?
YOUR FRIEND'S OKAY!
HE'S THE REASON
WE'RE HERE, REMEMBER?
HE NEEDS YOU--
HE NEEDS YOU TO COME
FIND HIM AND BRING HIM BACK
SAFELY TO DUEL ACADEMY.
[ECHOING]
YOUR FRIEND JESSE
NEEDS YOU!
HE'S NOT MY FRIEND.
THE SUPREME KING HAS
NO FRIENDS.
MY ONLY ALLY
IS DARKNESS.
[THINKING]
I THOUGHT KNOWING
THAT JESSE WAS SAFE
WOULD BRING BACK
THE GOOD IN JADEN,
BUT I GUESS THE ONLY WAY
TO TRULY GET HIM BACK
IS TO SEND THE DARKNESS
TO THE STARS.
[SIGHS]
JADEN...
IS IT REALLY YOU?
ALL RIGHT, JIM...
LET'S SAVE
OUR FRIEND!
THANKS FOR
YOUR HELP, MATE.
THIS IS THE CARD
I NEEDED.
I PLAY THE SPELL
VOLCANIC CYCLONE!
NOW FOR EVERY
PYRO TYPE MONSTER
I SEND TO MY GRAVE,
THE SAME NUMBER
OF SPELL OR TRAP CARDS
THAT YOU HAVE IN PLAY
AUTOMATICALLY
GETS DESTROYED.
AND NOW, I'LL SEND
MY VOLCANIC COUNTER
TO MY GRAVE.
IN RETURN,
YOUR EVIL BLAST
GETS DESTROYED!
ALL RIGHT!
NOW ALL OF AXEL'S
LIFE POINTS ARE
SAFE AND SOUND.
AND NOW I ATTACK!
GO, VOLCANIC DOOMFIRE!
OJAMA, I THINK
THIS MIGHT BE IT!
NOT AFTER I PLAY
THIS FACEDOWN!
I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD
KNOWN AS
SUPER-POLYMERIZATION!
BY SENDING MY VICIOUS CLAW
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN FUSE
TWO MONSTERS TOGETHER.
LIKE MALICIOUS EDGE
AND YOUR EVIL TOKEN.
TOGETHER THEY FORM...
EVIL HERO
MALICIOUS FIEND!
OH, NO!
THAT EVIL FIEND
IS MORE POWERFUL
THAN AXEL'S MONSTER.
[ALL]
AAH!
OH, NO! AAH!
HAAA!
WHAT'RE YOU DOING?
YOU HAVE
NO LIFE POINTS!
THE DARKNESS LIVES,
AND YOUR FRIEND IS LOST--
AAH!
NOT SO FAST!
THE EFFECT OF MY VOLCANIC
COUNTER GETS TRIGGERED!
BECAUSE IT WAS SENT
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
YOU TAKE
THE SAME DAMAGE
THAT I DO.
GAME OVER,
SUPREME KING!
AAH!
Jim:
JADEN? IT'S TIME
TO GO HOME.
THE DARKNESS IN YOU
HAS BEEN DEFEATED.
AAH!
AXEL!
THE POWER OF
THE ORICHALCUM
BROUGHT JADEN BACK.
PROMISE THAT YOU'LL
LOOK AFTER HIM.
NO, AXEL!
WHAT HAPPENED?
THEY EACH RAN OUT OF
LIFE POINTS IN THE END.
BOTH AXEL AND THE DARKNESS IN
JADEN WERE SENT TO THE STARS.
LET'S HOPE SO.
Monster: WHY DOES
THE SKY TURN RED?
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN?
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
THE SUPREME KING...
HAS BEEN BEATEN.
YOUR ARMY IS DEFEATED!
Monster:
THE KING! HE'S GONE!
NOT THE KING!
WE'RE IN TROUBLE NOW!
RUN!
CYBERDARK DRAGON!
TAKE US FROM
THIS PLACE!
STOP! WAIT!
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?
WE HAVE TO GIVE HIM
TIME TO RECOVER.
HE NEEDS IT,
'CAUSE WHO KNOWS
WHAT'S HAPPENED
INSIDE HIM?
SO IS IT REALLY
TRUE, OJAMA?
THAT YOU SAW
JESSE HERE?
YOU BETCHA! I JUST NEVER
PUT TWO AND TWO TOGETHER.
I'M NO GOOD
AT MATH.
BUT SEEING'S
MY STRONG SUIT.
WELL, FILL US IN.
I WAS SCARED,
SO IT'S HARD
TO REMEMBER.
AHH! IT'S ALL
COMING BACK TO ME!
SOMEONE'S FOLLOWING US!
IS THAT WHO
I THINK IT IS?
NAH,
IT COULDN'T'VE
BEEN HIM.
UNLESS--
MAYBE IT WAS!
IT WAS DARK, BUT IT ALL
MAKES SENSE TO ME NOW.
EVERYTHING
EXCEPT JESSE'S EYES.
THEY JUST DIDN'T
SEEM RIGHT.
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOTTA LEARN,
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW,
LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪